predicted output :
 ['·      Intravenous sodium bicarbonate.·      Injectable beta-blockers.·       Consider oral antidiuretics.·       Consider surgical correction of the hypoventilation.\n']gold output :
 ['· Weight reduction.· Avoidance of smoking and alcohol.· Progesterone (enhances respiratory drive).·       Continuous nasal positive airway pressure delivered by a nasal mask (lancet 1999; 353: 2100-5).·       Home oxygen.·       Surgery: tracheostomy, uvulopalatopharyngoplasty, linguoplasty, mandibular advancement, plastic remodelling of the uvula(laser-assisted or radiofrequency ablation).·       Drugs: serotonin receptor blockade, acetazolamide, methylxanthines, weight loss medications.Mr. Pickwick is a character in the novel Pickwick Papers, written by Charles Dickens; the term was applied by Sir William Osier.\n']predicted output :
 ['Sweat sodium is the most sensitive and specific test for cystic fibrosis. It is useful in identifying patients with mild disease and in distinguishing patients with severe disease from those with mild disease.\n']gold output :
 ['A sweat sodimn concentration over 60 mmol/l is indicative of cystic fibrosis. It identifies over 75% by the age of 2 years and about95% by the age of 12 years. It is more difficult to interpret in older children and adults.\n']predicted output :
 ['·       Consider bronchodilators.·       Consider anti-inflammatory agents.·       Consider intravenous immunoglobulins (e.g. adalimumab, infliximab).·       Consider oral steroids.·       Consider surgical resection of the lesion.\n']gold output :
 ['·       All patients should receive a course of steroids (unless there are contraindi-cations): prednisolone 40 mg per day for 6 weeks.Monitor symptoms, CXR, lung function tests. If response is good, continue; if no response then taper over 1 week.·       Steroid non-responders may benefit from a course of cyclophosphamide. Occasionally, patients who are unresponsive toprednisolone and cyclo-phosphamide will respond to prednisolone and azathioprine.·       Identify the underlying cause and manage accordingly.\n']predicted output :
 ['· Breathlessness can be reduced by: a) Increasing the inspiratory pressure. b) Increasing the expiratory volume in 1 second (V1). c) Increasing the rate of breathing. d) Increasing the tidal volume. e) Increasing the exercise of will.\n']gold output :
 ['By the use of either promethazine or dihydrocodeine.\n']predicted output :
 ['·      CXR: clubbing, tar staining, lymphadenopathy, nodal compression.·      Blood: alkaline phosphatase greater than 3.3 kU/l; alkaline phosphatase greater than 2.7 kU/l in the pleura.·      Sputum: presence of cilia; presence of lymphocytes; presence of lymphoid tissue.·      Urine: cilia and lymphocytes; presence of lymphoid tissue.·      Skin biopsy: cilia and lymphocytes.\n']gold output :
 ['·       Sputum cytology: high yield for endobronchial tumours such as squamous cell and small cell carcinoma but poor yield foradenocarcinoma.·       CXR.·       Pleural fluid cytology.·       Bronchoscopy gives a high yield in excess of 90%, particularly when the tumour is viewed endobronchially. For tumours thatare not visualized, the yield for washing and brushing is about 75% in central lesions and 55% in peripheral lesions. The yieldin small-cell and squamous cell carcinomas is higher than in adenocarcinomas.·       CT scan of the chest and upper abdomen (to image the liver and adrenals).·       Bone scan for metastases (helpful in staging).·       PET scanning is highly sensitive and specific for mediastinal staging.·       Pulmonary function tests (most surgeons aim for a FEV1 of about I litre after planned resection); a DLCO below 60% predictedis associated with a mortality rate as high as 25% due to respiratory complications.\n']predicted output :
 ['· High altitude (above 8,000 feet).· Excessive exercise (greater than 3 hours per week).· Excessive smoking.· Excessive alcohol intake.· Exposure to dust mites.· Exposure to mould.· Exposure to ultraviolet radiation.· Exposure to ozone.· Exposure to particulate matter.· Exposure to allergens.· Exposure to viruses.· Exposure to antibiotics.· Exposure to viruses in the air.· Exposure to ultraviolet light.· Exposure to ultraviolet radiation.\n']gold output :
 ['· Infection.· Emotion.· Exercise.· Drugs, e.g. beta-blockers.· External allergens.\n']predicted output :
 ['Yes. The risk of developing lung cancer is increased in carriers of the APC gene (N Engl J Med 1995; 333: 817-22).\n']gold output :
 ["Yes: it is accompanied by a mutation in the p53 gene and loss of a portion of' the short arm of chromosome 3 in small cell cancer;the functional significance of this is not clear.Robert Souhami, Professor of Clinical Oncology, University College and Middlesex School of Medicine, London.\n"]predicted output :
 ['· Oxygen. Inhaled oxygen is recommended for patients with hypercapnic ventilatory failure (FEVj less than or equal to 60% of predicted or best).· Hyperbaric oxygen. Oxygen is required for patients with severe hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBO) and for patients with severe hypoxia (Pao2<8 kPa).· High-dose steroids.· High-dose oral glucocorticoids.· High-dose oral anti-inflammatory drugs.· High-dose oral steroids.· High-dose oral anti-psychotic drugs.· High-dose oral anti-emetics.· High-dose oral antidiuretics.· High-dose oral antidiuretic hormone.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral hypoglycaemic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.· High-dose oral antidiabetic agents.\n']gold output :
 ['· Nebulized bronchodilators (terbutaline, ipratropium bromide). · Intravenous antibiotics (BMJ 1994; 308:871 2), initially amoxicillin and, if there is no clinical response, then a second-generation cephalosporin, quinoline or co-amoxiclav. · Oxygen (24%). · Intravenous hydrocortisone and oral steroids. (Note. Steroid therapy is useful only in acute exacerbations and, unlike in asthma, it does not influence the course of chronic bronchitis.)\n']